the holidays can be hectic but preparing
festive meals just got easier now you
can cut out grocery shopping and limit
meal prep time with hellofresh get up to
14 free meals plus three free gifts with
code face 14 at hellofresh.com
face14 that is hellofresh.com
face 14.
[Music]
hello and welcome to episode 78 of uh of
the face podcast uh my name is jeff
ramsey my audio sounds good according to
nick we had to do some tests earlier
because i had some weird uh device
manager problems thanks nick uh with me
as always andrew uh payton and gavin
free uh this episode and the next one
because we're doing back to backs it
gonna be a little weird and i'll tell
you why we didn't record last week
whenever we skip a week the notes pile
up yeah i have more notes in my phone i
think than i've ever had i went through
them last night with emily and she was
like holy [__] i thought you were
kidding that is like that is way too
much to talk about
and some stuff is time sensitive so it's
slipping away but on top of that the
degree of difficulty andrew i don't know
if you want to talk about it we couldn't
film last week because you were ill
you're feeling better now i however
am not feeling great oh no
well it's it's not i'm not sick it's
that i have a colonoscopy tomorrow
scheduled and uh i'm in the middle of
colonoscopy prep so i haven't eaten in a
couple of days
and i'm i'm living off of a clear i'm
living off of white gatorade
and uh and water right is that why you
weren't at the office earlier yeah i
couldn't i well i was gonna come in and
record with y'all play a video game with
y'all but uh yeah i gotta drink a bunch
of weird [__] nick i'm in the middle of
drinking the weird [__] uh but at that
specific time this is the other reason
why it's gonna be interesting uh i don't
think i've gone 15 minutes without
[__] my brains out today really so
so i tried to my damnedest to like
explode
everything i could out of me before the
recording but i might have to i might
have to leave for a little bit to shoot
water violently out of my ass
i will
at some point if there's one podcast
that is established recording in a
bathroom you've already done this this
is this is gonna be a round two for you
get the mic in there but god damn dude i
woke up at about three this morning
ran to the bathroom and i don't think i
left until 5 30. if you cut the sides
off of it is a porta potty really the
worst desk chair i think that there's a
world in which that could work
side off yeah well because you don't
want to be in a [__] you're like
boxed in it's like a phone booth if you
got the whole thing so if you cut the
sides off and it's like a throne at that
point you slide the chair in why not
just cut it in half like horizontally
what do you mean cut it in half well how
is that different than what i'm saying
well with the sides off you still got a
roof over it well now if you cut the
sides then there's clearly no roof what
is supporting the roof if there are no
sides gavin that was sort of an assumed
uh you wouldn't um do i leave the back
up that's actually a great question
i kind of like there's a little bit of a
sun you got a bat you want the bat um
i don't know i think it would depend on
the porta potty right if your back rests
against the back wall or not i think
it's too big for any desk
you think so i think i could fit a porta
potty in here and well no that's that's
in the room at all you could even get it
through the door
that's yeah you know what uh honestly
getting it up the stairs would be the
bigger issue i think i could get it in
the room
we'd have to get a lift of some kind to
like bring it up to my level and then we
would be okay i think do you think it
would hit the ceiling oh no i got really
tall ceilings i got so much space going
up i'm good
we don't really utilize ceiling space
either like what should i i feel like
it's dead space now that you tell me
last night that we also waste door
frames yeah frame doesn't do enough it's
true there is not enough
door frames just exist i'd love your
opinion on this jeff when have you ever
seen a door frame be utilized for
anything outside of it being a door
frame throw a light in there
throw a light in the frame yeah why not
well you want to be like a status thing
like a progress thing i did a pull-up
bar eric just said pull apart that's a
great call it's a good use for a door
frame or
halo the halo ranking system i was just
saying it would be cool to have a visual
indicator of the bar
and i figured like the door frame isn't
being used at all and it's like where
you measure as a child we've been
playing halo infinite we've been
watching our little rank bars go up and
andrew was just like wouldn't it
wouldn't this be great if instead of on
here it was on my frame and i was like
what are you talking about and he was
equating it to like when a kid gets
taller and you measure the height on the
wall
it's we've it's it's well because gavin
said i'm going up a bit and i thought of
like oh as a kid like it was exciting
when you'd go up a new notch and they
put a new notch in the door frame if you
could have like a physical bar of light
that showed your progress it would be so
great up and down just like the nerves
every time you go up you go to use the
bathroom you're looking at that [__]
bar like oh [__] i need to next game
next game's a big one even though we
haven't recorded
in two weeks andrew and i've been
spending a lot of time together playing
a little bit of halo infinite oh that's
cool you guys are getting you haven't
joined us i haven't been invited no
yeah that's that's how that's how that
dies
uh when you don't invite me i don't join
yeah
not a big mystery on that one guys yeah
but everyone's just on everyone's just
playing i'm on playing halo i've played
a bunch nobody's ready for you
i'm uh i only rank one yeah rank one of
what
halo halo taylor ranked
do you remember in halo 2 jeff how they
had like symbols is the rank we were
talking about that
how like it was visually cool but like
you'd encounter somebody who was the
[__] moon like it would move on from
numbers at a certain point it was just
nonsensical uh vaguely yeah i remember
the halo reach ranking better than any
of the other ones i think
what was that that was just the
military yeah i was just really it was
very similar to actual military rank in
a fun way for me so i remember like
trying to level just because i was it
was i don't know it was fun yeah
i've i've found i don't know if you've
done the ranked games in halo infinite
but i've enjoyed it a lot more since
becoming ranked and like really focusing
in on that i'd recommend you you put
time i have only played quick uh quick
games like quick play whatever it is you
should do ranked it's a lot of fun okay
i'll consider it we had a great um
comment from a comment leaver recently
that i saw because we had last week we
were trying to discuss what someone who
listens
and doesn't leave a comment
yeah
jeff was saying like unleavers and stuff
there's someone uh on in a comment who
whose name is i mean yolo right
suggested
regulationlessness i'm so glad you
brought that up i love that
i saw that as well on twitter and i
thought that is [__] perfect
regulation listeners and comment leavers
i i i thank you for bringing that up
that i i completely and totally agree
regulations there we go yeah i think
we're set i think that's
i don't even remember leaving this
debate and regulationlessness there you
go
should we just sell both of those as an
individual
shirt i really want to leave a comment
but i don't want to have to buy the
shirt because i've already bought the
regulation listener it's a real problem
maybe we could have like a trade-in
program yeah
leave your first comment
guys i'm [__] out of it i'm sorry i'm
trying to say i'm so hungry and i'm so
tired we should have done this on a
different day probably oh we gotta write
our days this might kind of ran out i'll
take i you know what i have multiple
things i want to apologize for because
we haven't recorded since the cosmic
crisp review that was a little came in a
little hot i was sick at that time
didn't realize it i thought uh just bad
sleep i want to issue a proper a formal
apology
to everybody oh i don't think it was a
trap i appreciate it as yeah i think
i think you guys i think the apple fell
against um
how do i not turn my apology into an
insult
um that's a great question i i don't
think i don't think there's a great i
don't think the room was filled nick
seemed very apple qualified i think the
rest of the people in in the process of
the review seemed a little less apple
qualified not their favorite fruit kind
of a strange it would be like if i
reviewed a banana
but not to that extreme what are we
qualified at i would find as a as a
regulation human i assume
i would think i would find your banana
review to be just as valid as anyone
else's i may not agree with your res
with your answer or results your opinion
but i think the review is valid i think
an echo chamber all regulation humans
have should have equal review say that's
it's fair but it's just i don't know if
you're you're specializing in a specific
thing
for the majority of people to think that
it can only be average at best i feel
like puts a ceiling on the extent of
that review also just the opinion of
that person if that makes sense like
it's not a special nobody here i include
myself i'm not an apple expert i enjoy
apples the main point i wanted to
apologize for is i said it was a trap i
said you guys it felt like a bit a prank
it's you guys didn't fail it was cosmic
crisp they failed they failed me i
reached out i sent messages no replies i
tried my best to get their product it is
not your guys's fault that i was not
able to secure one it's cosmic crips
fault so i apologize for the heat i
apologize for the declaration of revenge
well then let me apologize andrew for
something real fast uh because since
that moment you know i do i'm on the
cameo you know i do some cameos
uh and since that moment every canadian
cameo i've gotten of which there have
been you know it's been a week so
they've probably been six or seven uh i
have uh potentially
uh turned those cameos into uh questions
about how the [__] apples work in canada
and why you weren't able to get one and
asking them if they could get cosmic
crisps and so far nobody's gotten back
to me uh i i kind of turned it around on
them and made them all put them to work
but i did i did maybe get a little uh a
little spicy uh talking about your
inability to get an apple two other
eaters so i apologize for that okay did
you eventually get one andrew no i still
haven't got one i'm still looking i'm
still looking i'm on them i'm trying i'm
putting out feelers i'm going on
websites gav imagine being a guy who
loves apples consider not an expert but
like but
certainly an apple an enthusiast who
lives in a without a doubt who lives in
a country where apples aren't readily
available that's got to be a hard life
for you i got a lot of apples i just
know got the cosmic crisp i'm eating a
fuji right now i got a fuji on my desk i
got a mandarin orange on my desk is that
from your private um favorite apples
list that you won't show you know what
i'm not saying it's on the list but
we're dab little
if he's eating it at home that's gotta
be top three oh eric eric and nick are
uh they're taking that as confirmation
there is i very few apples i would
refuse to just com eat or that i
wouldn't buy if i see an apple if i'm
walking by i'll grab that apple i'll
grab it if it's in a bag i'll take it
with me i don't think there's any like
value to assuming that because i have it
in my house means it is a top apple for
me it's a lot of good apples i don't
understand why you would buy a non as
such an enthusiast
with such a refined apple palette i
don't know why you would buy a non-top
apple like why would you own a non-top
apple in your house
because if i if i'm just going by
the fruit section i maybe don't want to
go into the heart of the jungle jeff i
maybe i'm on the perimeter and i'm like
you know what fuji isn't bad i'll grab a
fuji it's in a bag grab this bag of
fuji's so are you so is this a situation
where you can only buy apples on end
caps uh it's not not like restricted
to that but yeah sometimes you know like
we've talked about before of not going
down the aisle just purchasing on the
perimeter on the edges of it sometimes
you don't want to go into the heart of
the fruit section it's big
it's a vast section of you can get lost
they got organic products next thing you
know you got a whole [__] shopping
cart at apples you don't need that i
would love to see you get lost in a
fruit section
i i did when i bought bananas as i said
i felt very lost i felt very confused i
didn't know if i needed a bag i didn't
know if i needed to write stuff down
there's a code to certain fruits that i
am not aware of
boy we got dinged on codes we made that
dumb joke about how we had the serial
numbers from the stickers oh yeah
obviously it's a plu code it says it on
it we were just being silly and
that one angered a few uh a few people
who work at grocery stores for some
reason no it's the batch it was the
batch number
oh jesus christ it was fun i enjoyed
doing that supplemental review as much
as it didn't sound like i did at the
time i had a great yeah
and that's that's a little something for
the audience if you're not aware uh
if you somehow missed it we dropped when
the apple dropped a couple days after
the cosmic crisp dropped we dropped our
review of it uh via the usual means you
know uh the podcasting uh platforms and
whatnot in the youtube uh but we didn't
announce it ahead of time or anything we
just threw it out there and it's not a
full episode it was just meant to be a
review
very angry andrew very interesting i
thought it was uh that was a little
different and a lot of fun and i hope we
do more stuff like that in the future
there were i mean the one criticism of
the thing it was very different it felt
being able to see made a big difference
for me i think that's why beyond being
sick i think that influenced my anger
hearing you guys do a box opening and
not being able to see the box or like
review the thing was complicated but you
were angry after you were watching us no
i was angry just in general but it
really like for you guys to be like oh
it's a box filled with apples and me
just looking at a [__] discord screen
of nothing well that's how the audience
feels yeah but the audience isn't
supposed to [__] comment on the box
they're not added to the recording oh
they comment constantly buddy oh they
they do we do have a concrete section
but you don't listen to a piece of audio
expecting your comment to then impact
the show that is currently happening
sure sure there's a difference
i was supposed to be able to react to a
thing
but
i will say
apple's great i become a really big
frozen raspberries guy i love a frozen
raspberry i think we've talked about it
before
yeah fantastic yeah i have i've just
eaten a photo oh well no i'm not just
well i'm kind of doing both i get a
glass of water pour it in the well no i
get a glass first empty glass
gotta fill it with raspberries i feel
like half the glass with frozen
raspberries then you put the water in
it's great it's like ice you snack on it
it's delicious i will take a photo
that's it that's that's it
dad listen it's we like a simple recipe
gavin you just get some frozen
raspberries
and that to you is better than
a room temperature normal raspberry
absolutely i think he realized his step
is his two-step process was too short so
he added another step and that was get a
glass that's empty
no it starts as empty
no this is do you know what happened
there i'll give you the [__] honest
truth of where my brain went i thought
about bathtubs okay and when i get in
the tub i sit in an empty tub first then
i put the water in i don't put the water
in first you gotta put the raspberries
in because you need to have enough
raspberries if you put the water in
first you're limiting the amount of
raspberries you can put to the glass
well what's stopping you from killing
three birds with one stone take a bath
throw a bag of frozen raspberries in and
snack away yeah
no that's gross no think of it like
it's almost like romantic like rose
petals but you can tell us about it
it's
you [__] there's no oh i'd vomit
everywhere i don't want you keep your
muffins on the boxy yeah no i don't i
put them in a bowl and i i can't wait
for you to visit here at one point
you're gonna sit in an empty tub and
you're gonna be like you know what
that's a [__] convenient table right
there that is perfectly level
i don't see
how
putting your headset on the crust zone
of a toilet is cleaner than eating i'm
raspberries from water
no water that you're in is the big like
change like you're like water have a
shower first then hop in no there's too
many steps what am i showering is that
step four step five you just throw them
in the glass throw them in a glass add
water to the glass
get a spoon
what
what are you talking about i don't
[__] know it sounds like you're
making raspberry you're countering that
to my experience of having the
raspberries in a glass you're saying
that that is a better like that would be
the better move and i'm saying there's
too many steps it's the biggest glass
you could ask for yeah i would like to
point out that eric i think very
astutely uh wrote the raspberries are
andrew and the cup is the bathtub yeah
it's terrible like nobody wants that
like that's awful so well the
raspberries probably don't want to be in
the cup then if you don't want to be in
the bathtub i really do not care about
the feelings of the raspberries the
raspberries considerations are at the
bottom of my list here's what i see i
see uh dim turn the lights off light
some candles play some soft music maybe
one of your favorite football team fight
songs then you sprinkle some raspberry
whatever you know whatever you're
listening to at the moment uh state
songs whatever it is and you sprinkle
some raspberries dip into the tub and
just
relax and then occasionally when the
mood strikes just reach your little hand
out pluck a raspberry out of the water
yum
andrew's taking himself on a date
i don't know i don't like it i'm not a
fan of that that seems impressive
see i'm fascinated by the line you draw
between what's acceptable of what is
gross because i feel like for me should
i straight line between all the normal
gross [__] and all the you know usual
stuff yours is a bit of a wiggly one it
sort of goes around
into gross as acceptable and back out
and this is apparently
there are certain things that enter into
just the purely gross category that
you'd never do and then there are things
where
at the time like it's easy for me to say
now i would not do that thing
i lost him i lost him yeah he's he's
gone i just heard dang
and then he went in and
drifted away yeah he's yeah he's he went
down the drain of the bathtub oh eric
jeff have you shot today's today's
today's the day buddy uh now's the time
to go [__] no i'm okay at the moment are
you sure you don't want to like push one
out no there's no push it out oh my god
it's weird just trying to hold it in
there's no pushing it's just on the day
i [__] my pants six times it was just
water
i mean it is literally if i recorded it
you wouldn't be able to tell the
difference from me peeing and [__]
um
wait did i did i vanish yeah you've been
gone for a while oh i would i did a
whole [__] i did a whole thing oh you
should have done it for us we would have
loved it thought i thought everyone was
listening i was oh where did i leave off
i said jeff is a shell of a man and then
there was no response and i realized
that
i don't even think i heard that part
yeah no we didn't hear but we you've
been gone for about 45 seconds probably
i did a whole [__] monologue about
this thing and it was silent and i was
like i don't know if this is going
really well or if you guys are just
listening i don't know how to feel about
this
and then there was silence after i i
kind of threw a shot at jeff no
responses like ah something is clearly
broken and i came back to
[__] jeff talking about [__]
which funny enough is where i was
leading anyway oh and so it synced up i
was very confused well do you want to go
back and insult me where we where we can
all hear it i was just saying that i
think the gross line it can change based
off of where you're where you're at if
you're exhausted you're having a bad day
maybe what would seem gross in an ideal
scenario is acceptable at that time i
see that sort of
are you saying that you think that like
potentially
my view of the grossness of your
raspberry romance bath is being uh
affected by this my my current
situation
like if i was that if i was like a
healthy happy jeff i might i might find
it a little grosser exactly that's what
i was saying where jeff is like you're
not you're not a hundred percent right
now i'm not maybe there's a thing
what percent are you uh i'm gonna uh so
i came in
thinking i was at like
i felt pretty good about it and uh and
then
then y'all got y'all got me immediately
and i realized i wasn't at 80 i was at
more like 40.
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Applause]
this podcast is sponsored by better help
online therapy the best way to think
about therapy is through analogies that
it's okay i know that sounds like school
stuff smart guy stuff but it's it's not
let me explain we get our oil change for
our car to prevent bigger issues down
the road uh i don't know if you've ever
had an engine seize up but i have in an
old pickup truck pissed and seized and
uh that was like a twelve hundred dollar
issue uh that uh a dollar ninety-eight
in oil would have fixed we see the
doctor and we go to the gym to take care
of our bodies to prevent injury and
disease as well we do these things
regularly to stay healthy stay ahead of
the curve and keep moving forward going
to therapy is like all of that too it's
routine maintenance for your mental and
emotional wellness to prevent bigger
issues down the road
and better help is customized online
therapy that offers video phone even
live chat sessions with your therapist
so you don't have to see anyone on
camera if you don't want to it is much
more affordable than in-person therapy
and you can start communicating with
your therapist in under 48 hours so why
invest in everything else in your life
but not your mind this podcast is
sponsored by better help and face
listeners get 10 off their first month
at betterhelp.com
face that's b e t t e r h e
l p
dot com slash face
hey face listeners are you ready for
christmas holidays are approaching
you're gonna need to have gifts on the
ready to give people
why not
take raycon earbuds for a spin raycon
wireless earbuds have seamless bluetooth
pairing and comfortable noise isolating
fit you can start listening right away
and keep listening for hours because
they have a fantastic battery life the
audio quality is amazing it's comparable
to what you get from other premium
brands except raycon starts at half the
price the new everyday buds come with
three new sound profiles just to make
sure that everything you're listening to
is at its best with just the right
amount of bass or treble or what have
you there's a pure mode there's a
balanced mode and of course
boom it's all about that bass mode
raycon offers eight hours of play time
and a flight an insane 32 hour battery
life so go to buy raycon dot com slash
face today to unlock exclusive deals for
up to 20 off your raikon order but hurry
this offer is available for a limited
time only and you don't want to miss it
that's by recon dot com slash face that
was fun to say let's do it again that's
by raycon dot com slash face my rank
on.com
to unlock up to twenty percent off your
recons buy recon dot com slash face by
raycon.com face
can i tell you a story of pain and
misery that might might bring you up a
little bit please my pain my suffering
i'm laying in bed last night gavin and i
played halo i'm i'm crawling into bed
it's like 11 p.m oh my god i was up
playing i could have played halo at 11
p.m
oh we should all play you have my
[__] phone number you have my email
address you have my xbox live gamer tag
in this podcast you're appearing offline
then i didn't see you online i would
have definitely if i saw you online i
don't ever see either of you online uh
are you guys appearing online i'm
definitely
doing something but what i was doing
last night
you got everybody's appearing offline
but somehow i get left out it's fine i
understand my place in this podcast
family i am at the bottom of the pile
i'm the one that you invite if nobody
else is around andrew's too sick to play
uh nick is taking care of the baby and
eric's playing baseball maybe gavin will
hit me up if he can be bothered to
remember my [__] phone number i get
it anyway andrew you were saying
something gross
so no it's not gross i was laying in bed
and you know when you have those i don't
know i feel like this is relatable where
you're in bed you're comfy but you kind
of have a thought of like oh what if i
go down and do this instead what if i
get a snack what if i get a drink of
something yeah but i'm so cozy and you
have that like real struggle and i had i
was like you know what it's [__]
we're getting into the winter season my
favorite time of year yeah you're
battling the cozy wool some hot
chocolate right now would be [__]
delicious what a like just a nice little
cup of hot cocoa
oh man what a time
i was laying there i fought i had this
fight in my head for 25 minutes do i get
up i'm so comfy do i get hot chocolate i
decide i'm gonna go get some hot
chocolate so i go down
i get the milk going it's nice and warm
i'm doing it all fancy i got the
marshmallows out are you doing it in a
pan
i'm doing it i'm doing it in a pot i'm
doing it i'm like taking my time i'm
enjoying the experience i got my cabbage
in the cupboard
i got my
the kettle is
there's so many people that want to
fight me that that is a kettle it's the
most ridiculous having to send product
links but anyway
the thing is being made it's delicious i
got my tablet and one hand whipped cream
marshmallow it's hot it's oh it's
fantastic i turn around
i take four steps i drop my tablet hit
my forearm shift my forearm spill hot
chocolate everywhere largely on myself
burn my shoulder just scorch my shoulder
with hot milk i got whipped cream on the
ceiling i got marshmallows on a pantry
door i think there's so much velocity it
flew everywhere i don't know gavin how
it got so much velocity but it went
[__] everywhere because as i've just
learned you've got high ceilings
i do i do have high ceiling it [__]
flew it flew everywhere i burnt myself
the speaker on my tablet no longer works
i broke that in the hot chocolate
i had to clean everything up i
immediately my shirt's still in the
kitchen it's just there i took the shirt
off it was covered in hot chocolate
miserable it was miserable it was one of
the worst hot chocolate experiences i've
ever had i cleaned everything up i had a
quarter of a cup left i shot some
whipped cream in there and i just sat
downstairs and watched seinfeld sad
eating the remains of my hot chocolate
it was terrible
miserable making a night after all that
he didn't just make a new one no i was
broken i was a broken man gavin i was a
burnt shoulder i was picking
marshmallows up off the floor
having to put stuff in the garbage that
you know is delicious is always crushing
i'm just sitting in the dark watching
seinfeld at 1am
miserable
this is after yeah this is like maybe 40
minutes after my whole evening was
ruined i should have just stayed in bed
that's all i kept thinking about i
should have just stayed in bed i
i got no whipped cream on any ceiling
[__] uh it's the worst it's terrible
it was ah i've had a bad run well i'm
sorry i'm so sorry that happened to you
man i feel like burning the shoulder
only is a rare one like i could maybe it
would get up to the shoulder if you like
burn your whole your whole arm it only
burnt a corner of my shoulder
and i luckily avoided the cat that is
like the biggest thing that i don't know
how the cat didn't get hit by any of it
voided them sam sam yeah
do you know that i know that you're
aware of this cat 20 years old
it's yes she is it's it's been i don't
know it was a rough night in that regard
i'm just spilling [__] all over the
place i i've become a maple syrup guy
it's a big addition in my life
really gotten into maple syrup recently
i was making some pancakes took him
upstairs put i was carrying a lot of
stuff i think my issue is i'm carrying
too many things at once well yeah you've
always got a tablet in your hands
i had like six different things in my
hands and i'm gonna sit at my desk to
eat my pancakes with a lot of maple
syrup and i put the plate on the bed for
a minute and then i think oh [__]
there's so much maple syrup on that and
i quickly grabbed it luckily didn't come
off i was like whoa that could have been
really bad so i continue with the rest
of my night crawling the bed ready to
sleep pull up the first blanket it's
drenched in maple syrup just coated in
it and i was like oh [__] it's wanting
like i just want to go to bed
[__] see that's that's where our lines
between acceptable and gross differ
because i don't want to put food in my
bed i don't want food anywhere no it was
just there for a moment i put the plate
down for a second because i had so many
things in my hand to adjust to put other
stuff on the desk then i immediately
grabbed the food from the bed it was
just at an angle the plate was at an
angle and all the maple syrup poured off
the pancakes onto
the blanket so you were sticky it was
all sticky both blankets were i threw
that off i was like well at least i have
another oh no this one's also [__]
covered in maple syrup that's just
coated in it my whole arm
everything terrible that's i
made how did it get on the other blanket
it's so viscous i wouldn't imagine it
would go through quickly i think it just
hit double coverage i think it hit both
of them at the same time and i didn't
see it there was a lot of maple syrup on
my plate and i think it just slid off
and coated two different blankets
and i could never get maple syrup right
i feel like i'm putting too much on and
then i get to eat the pancakes and
suddenly it's all absorbed and i'm like
where the hell did all the maple syrup
go i can't even taste it and i put more
it's it's really hot it's a surprisingly
difficult condiment to get right i feel
like really i put zero thought into you
just drown it
well i'm not necessarily drowning it but
i've never been like oh that's too much
or too little it's like that's just i
have maple syrup
that's interesting i've never even
considered the possibility of like
loading too much on it are you working
on your pancake mix that you ordered is
that where you're getting
yeah i'm still no i'm still going
through my 70 pounds i don't think i
finished a 10 pound bag of it i'm still
working for
i totally forgot about that 70 pounds
isn't it close to expiring i think it
expires in 2023 i think i got time i
think i'm good but yeah i've been i've
been working away i'm almost done my
first 10 pound bag
i'll gladly make you pancakes if you
guys ever come over
i'm so excited to come over yeah you can
eat them in the tub and you'll see
let's uh let's be sure to make it when
we do that an official
face event so i get the invite too oh
you're always invited jeff am i i was
invited to halo for the last week i i
had an interesting thought while i was
listening to all these stories and i was
thinking i was thinking about a fun bit
we could do
uh would be i could put out like a
request and try to find some new or real
friends uh who actually like me and want
to spend time with me i texted you guys
at 10 o'clock this morning you eric and
uh
and uh gavin
once again not nobody responded to me
becoming very clear
it wasn't a question
conversation starter
do you ever text me
okay this is you send a text saying
today is gonna be interesting on the day
we record the podcast oh well i think it
is
hell yeah can't wait yeah
that was my reaction too i thought that
that was like a oh exciting save it for
the show type thing and you thought hell
yeah
[__] and he doesn't deserve a reply i
was trying to start a conversation with
you guys
yeah my point being it's very very and
it's okay it's okay because it's a day
job we all got to make our paychecks i
get it we do we have we have great
on-screen chemistry but i think a fun
bit i didn't have this in my notes
because i just came up with this right
now but i think a fun cool thing we
could do is maybe i could like put out a
call to the comment leavers and the
regulation listeners that like hey i
might want to play halo with friends i
might want to text with people back and
forth and have them respond to me within
three or four days like the last time i
brought it up uh maybe there's some
people out there who may not think maybe
think that there's some value in old
jeff as a friend and maybe just want to
have a conversation with me if you're
out there let me know on twitter or
something i'm currently in the
marketplace
having a conversation i'm so lonely and
i don't have any friends to talk to so
audience hit me up
daily what do you mean
i don't feel like
is going to be interesting g is what you
texted the group text
i was i read that jeff with excitement
thinking oh i don't want to ask about it
in the text because i don't want to ruin
what will happen on the show there's a
huge risk with responding to the group
chat we could easily blow all of our
reactions to something good it's it's a
massive risk and i can't believe you're
acting like it isn't let's it's a huge
race
the last time we'll go back through our
text a little bit uh because gavin and i
talk daily uh
on saturday i texted gavin and i said uh
hey text me back eventually you did uh
and then i we talked about some stuff
eventually then uh then sunday november
7th which was this is the uh i sent you
a video and i said if you see this and
you said yeah
eventually i text you back you text me
at 9 24 am i replied at 1006. that's not
eventually no that's fine that's pretty
uh then the next time we talked on our
daily talk was sunday november 7th i
sent you a video and i said have you
seen this and then you said yeah and
then i sent you a video on sunday or i
sent you a text on the sunday to ask how
you were feeling and then you responded
but at no point in any of the oh and
then i said uh again i sent you another
text to see how you were feeling uh and
at no point in any of these
conversations did you reach out to me
first this is only me reaching out
desperate for a friend getting one or
two word answers and then moving on with
my life and then trying to get a week
later
i
i i'm can't refuse that that we're
talking about text messages this is
awful
we went on the podcast on monday well i
was that was another day we didn't need
to text i've been seeing so much of you
yeah okay well
great
happy to do more as always
uh i feel like if you if you're if
you're teeing up some good
face stuff the best thing to do is just
to wait to hear it i think that was the
misunderstanding in that text jeff i
think clearly it was about the
colonoscopy that it was i was trying i
was trying to talk to you guys about my
thing and then just nobody was nobody
seemed interested in responding to me so
i thought oh well i'm not going to
burden them with my problems because
they can't even be bothered to respond
to me i was also at work i was in the
middle of a let's play i'm not gonna you
know i'm about to come out i arrived
home
late like five minutes after we started
because i didn't have any time i haven't
even eaten yet i don't there's all this
all these demands it's not a demand it
was like five hours ago i said four
hours ago i sent that text how does it
work
i was in the video that you didn't go to
we could to be just completely honest
that could have we could have recorded
10 hours from now i still wouldn't have
responded because i thought it was show
related i thought it was like oh
exciting thing for the show
all right that's fine it doesn't have to
be well i i i rescind everything i've
said then uh you guys are the best i
look forward to playing halo with you
constantly it sounds like we do it all
the time
i'd look you know what i you know you
know what i look forward to somebody
texting me first one day i texted you
yes you texted me first yesterday and
then started a conversation with me and
then disappeared and then when i said
hey what's up man you gonna tell me that
thing you said oh never mind i had the
conversation with gavin i don't want to
have it with you again we needed to type
so this was massive text [__] read it
no please do because this is a whole
this you have no idea how how like bad i
felt i felt bad on so many levels and
this has happened before but it's the
first time i've been trapped you texted
me out of the blue uh which i appreciate
it it was the
and you said i have an idea and i said
go on and then uh i didn't hear from you
for i don't know three minutes and then
you responded to me and you said i hate
myself and then you said i told it all
to gavin and i said okay should i go and
i was like okay so should i ask gavin
for the information then and you go no i
just i'm not going to tell you just save
it for this show yeah we'll do it i'm
like okay we could have even when you're
texting me even when you're trying to
have a conversation with me you're not
you're doing it with someone else you're
dealing with gavin let's just cut me out
of the out of the out of the
conversation completely absolutely not
let's just i want you to hear my
position on this my perspective
i texted you that thing and i was so
excited to talk to you about it jeff
like genuinely i was like i can't wait
to talk to jeff here's opinion i value
it he's so funny he's a creative guy i
can't wait this is gonna be so wonderful
i text you
you reply
i had gotten a text from gavin earlier
in the day you're both g's on my phone
you both have the same icon because of
that like the default g google thing i
accidentally then clicked gavin and i
sent like seven or eight texts
explaining and outlining this idea with
a link
and then i realized oh [__]
this is i sent all these to gavin too
hard to copy and paste back to me well
because i thought it'd be funnier on the
show to have gavin then explain to you
my idea um but gavin what could you
explain to me andrew's idea i've been on
i've been waiting for days to hear it
from what i've seen um you watch 10
hours of betty white
and you get paid a grand or something
so
the idea was
we've talked about before on the show
budget port-a-potty budget dumb budget
we need a budget
i came across this absurd
this absurd contest if you want to call
it that it's like betty white is in no
way affiliated with it or endorsed by it
but it's this insurance company that is
like hey if you can prove you're the
biggest betty white fan
we will give you a thousand dollars at a
dvd player and some dvds and you have to
document yourself watching 10 hours of
betty white
and that's the contest you're being the
contest is them trying to find the
biggest betty white fan to then have
social media like document their
experience of watching this content i
don't think anyone's gonna [__] enter
that thing and i feel like we could just
take over random contests and win them
and that is how we could fund this show
we just need to win these things i also
thought it'd be really funny if on our
youtube channel just a random video out
of nowhere comes out of one of us
talking about how much they love betty
white and why she's so great
and then so like there's a week where
the audience will be like what is why is
jeff or whatever talking about betty
white with like no context so all we
have to do is make that before this
comes out all we would have to do is
before it the contest ends on the 22nd
for submission so the audience in no way
can impact this in any way they can't
apply they won't hear after the fact
and i don't think anyone will apply so i
think if we apply and include a video of
the application i think we might be able
to win the betty white dream job contest
i i
sounds awesome to me i like the idea of
entering random contests uh that nobody
else enters and wins i know we we know
somebody uh associated with rich teeth
who used to do that and had a lot of
success with it i remember i listened to
a uh like a game podcast then they
talked about how running like a gaming
website in the mid 2000s they used to
have these huge contests where it was
like if you could submit in the greatest
like psp guide or whatever for this
thing you will win a car through this
promo that they're doing and nobody had
the ability to capture footage at that
point or like just the the barriers the
entry were so hard they'd have like four
people enter for a new car and it was
just like a constant thing where it's
like it was such a small thing i think
if we target these weird bizarre
contests we could just rack up the wins
confused at this contest like everyone
applies
and if you're like and then they select
only one person
to watch 10 hours from like various
pre-provided dvds
and then you get a grand so they all
they get out of this
is one person doing like a bit of social
media about betty white yeah but what i
really love is when you read the details
of the contest there's a very clear line
that betty white has no affiliation or
support of this it did she in no way
endorses this in any way i don't know
how they came to the decision of doing
this betty white thing but i don't think
anyone will enter and i think we could
take it over and even if we don't get
selected i think we could hijack the
betty white thing if they've got like a
hashtag or whatever we could just take
over
the hashtag i feel like i could easily
watch 10 hours of golden girls that's
some good [__] is that your favorite
betty white content that's the only bet
white i've seen what's better than
golden girls this is what the best shows
of all time like placid
great that's a that's a good movie but
what are you gonna watch lake placid six
times i could easily watch like placid
six times she's feeding the [__] the
thing well don't do don't spoil the
[__] movie for people who haven't
seen it oh i'm sorry you haven't had
time no yeah [__] placid lake placid
is is a very good movie it's also got uh
what's-his-face in it um oliver is all
over flat oliver in that yeah yeah he's
great in it yeah i don't know if it's an
intentional it must be they get like the
greatest gag in that movie is they keep
so one of the characters keeps falling
into traps set for the crocodile or
whatever alligator
what is it is it crocodile or alligator
i never know i always confuse this that
is probably an alligator because i think
it's fresh water yeah because it's like
plastic people are always trying to
figure out if it's an alligator or a
crocodile in what situation does it ever
matter that's a great point too gav gals
are bigger than alligators that's the
only difference i mean they'll both rip
your arm off yeah they i think they yeah
i feel like jeopardy would matter
trivia shows
side of that i guess if mayam balak is
asking you it matters
[Laughter]
could we
can we sign up for this can we just
enter the battle dude who's stopping us
i can't well i can't do it because it
has to be a u.s
i'm blocked we'll talk to a producer
eric he'll do it eric are you going to
sign up for us you're going to be our
betty white ambassador uh no nick can do
it he's he's not busy oh there you go
yeah do you think you're less you're
more busy than nick
uh yeah
immediately meets
[Laughter]
nick says are you sure
wait a second
everyone was just talking about the joy
of being able to spend 10 hours watching
betty white and then when it comes time
to sign up everyone's subtly busy
i watch the betty white i just don't
think i can pull off a good video
explaining why i love betty white okay i
will i'll fill out the form on your
behalf jeff is that okay
so i don't understand like your your
your grand vision here is for me to
enter a contest for you to win for us to
win no the show we've seen
on the
and then you spend the money that we win
that you don't we're no no we all it's
when it comes to community pool this is
a view it this way we're winning a porta
potty essentially is the price of this
great because we don't ever get given
money for anything and all of the sales
money for the billion ad reads on these
videos and uh um and audio files don't
come to us either they all go in the
pocket of sales this could be um it's
all gonna be contest winning budget this
is interesting i this is that's a really
good way to look at it gav yeah what
could we do with a thousand dollars
after taxes
exactly
what could we do with seven hundred
dollars
it's prize winning so it's probably
taxed to the moon what can we do with
630 dollars
[Laughter]
this is just the start okay we start
cleaning up we started no i'm thinking
like we could buy a surfboard what could
i bought a surfboard once for 600 bucks
really they probably cost about that we
could buy a surfboard i'm i'm not still
i'm not trying to be a [__] here i'm
being serious i'm trying to think of
what we could spend 600 700 on there's a
lot you could repair your bike uh
i don't talk about it oh
no i don't i don't want to open up that
whole camera i got a bike i got bike
problems man jet ski rental that'll
that'll that'll that's three
600 bucks would be two jet skis for
three hours
right
we could do that that'd be pretty good
that'd be pretty good or three jet skis
for two hours that might be better oh
yeah then andrew could have his own
absolutely oh
i like this one i assume you don't want
to
this could fund the joust that's what
i'm saying that's a great idea
betty white's joust fund
[Music]
we have to call it the regulation betty
white joust
something along those lines
if we can i will i will recant now and
say if i don't like the idea of the
joust but if the betty white contest
does fund it then i'm on board and will
do whatever it takes in order to win
this money i just love the idea of this
company sending the cheque
to the betty white house fund at face
the subsidiary of uniform
[Music]
well technically it's a subsidiary of
fluke face which is an arm oh sorry
uniform uniform so let me combine the
power of one let's have a form uniform
so now we just need uh we need a video
jeff explaining why betty white is so
great we can we can do that but we need
to watch the 10 hours of content first i
was going to say no no
no no no no
yeah but don't you
don't you need to watch something
to remind yourself of how great betty
white is do you think you're just going
to shoot you think you're just gonna
spit hot betty white takes from the hip
without
like refamiliarizing herself yourself
with any of her content you're gonna
have to dip your toe into betty white a
little bit before you make the video
i'm not sure about that
i don't know
i mean it's only to watch your favorite
scene of lake placid so you can quote a
moment you don't want to sound like your
idea alright your idea is very sound and
very good and even though i am operating
at about a four i think i'm down to
about 36 percent right now uh and just
loopy as [__] even even at this
diminished capacity i can see the
potential i think it's a fantastic idea
but i think if you want to like i i do
think we should enter this i do think we
should try to win i do think there won't
be a ton of people i also don't think
it'll be a walk through the park i do
think other people will and we'll have
to put some level of effort in and i
think that we're gonna have to come
across as actual betty white fans or i
agree with all that okay
i mean could we all dress up as the
golden girls that's an idea see that's
thinking outside the box
that does i don't know how there's no
way i could submit that i want to be
sophia what if we dress up instead well
you know we can dress up as our favorite
golden girls but then it's about more
than betty what if we all dress up as
our favorite betty white
from her career like you get like gavin
you could be rose nylon right okay and
and andrew you could be uh the crocodile
or the alligator or betty white from
lake placid and i'll pick up betty white
from some other like uh what is it it's
uh it's all uh
it's what is that show she had it's like
hot and
oh hot in cleveland hot is that england
never seen it but i'll familiarize
myself with hot in cleveland and i'll be
that betty white character i love this
this is i'm glad that there's support i
wish that i would have texted the right
person the entire way through yesterday
maybe i'll hold up a collection of
things that betty white is older than
such as the ballpoint pen that's i don't
wh i don't understand
why what what else came out no that's
that's a great thing no here's your take
on this guy
here's your thing right now betty white
street music betty white is such an
institutional like such a a national
uh
uh what's the word i'm looking for here
uh treasure a national treasure she
should be when she it dies there should
be uh uh she she should be interned in
the smithsonian her career has she is
still at the top of her game at 90 x
years old right and she her career has
spanned so much time she has been
a famous she's been entertaining
millions of audience members since
before the electric can opener since
before the ballpoint pen these are great
ways to show not only the longevity of
her brilliant career but our knowledge
of it this is what's going to win us the
contest [__] like that gavin that's
smart dude number one sliced bread
she's older than sliced bread that means
sliced bread is the best thing since
betty white sliced bread is the best
thing since betty white that's a t-shirt
[Laughter]
other people must have made the
observation already
why are we not mentioning the high five
and we're just talking about things that
she's older than she's way older than
that jeff's older than the high five
according to your [__] yeah that's
not my [__] it's just a historic
fact knowing about history coming at
dusty baker he didn't know what to do
gavin can you imagine the pressure of
seeing a hand and not knowing what to do
with it
your product didn't exist yet
oh speaking of uh things that betty
white is older than
if we ever s this is the problem with
like not all the content that i have we
haven't touched anything on my list uh
nor do i think we will but a lot of it
isn't evergreen and one of those things
is andrew your [__] nugget challenge
i pulled some stats i don't know if
they're relevant anymore but i put some
stats of like all time
oh my god
you okay
i
how do i undo
i just wanted
all of my notes
[Laughter]
what in the [__] just are you on your
phone
okay i got it back okay that was weird
i just deleted face by accident i did
yeah i wanted to list uh well like i
said guys diminished capacity and and
i'll let's be honest you've known me for
a long time my capacity hasn't been
minished
like at my best i'm never very minish
uh
so we want to look at best performances
of all time now obviously wilt
chamberlain has the highest scoring game
of all time he scored 100 points in 1961
versus the knicks uh the second highest
points total by nba players kobe bryant
with 81. then we have some other people
uh like i've never heard of david
thompson um he was a denver he was a
denver nugget though and he scored 73
points although
i'm not sure if that's correct because
that's different on my other list uh
anyway uh so but that puts you in the
same category as
michael jordan his high career high 69
pistol pete maravich 68 uh devin booker
had that terrible game with 70 against
the celtics nobody wants to remember
that uh anyway and then a bunch of wilt
chamberlain doing it over and over and
over and over again but you scored what
62 was where you were gav
no i was i think i was like 67 no you
were in the 60s you were in the 60s i
was in the 60s i was 62 or 67. okay uh
kind of blocked that whole anyway
remember you have scored more points in
your one nba game
than
stephen curry whose career high is only
62. carmelo anthony career high is only
62. the great tracy mcgrady only 62.
damian lillard has only scored 61 points
in his career james harden has only
scored 61 points in his career did it
twice though lebron james highest
scoring game of his nba career 61 points
those are all people you bested in your
first and only nba game that is so eric
is right that is rarefied air
is that i am more qualified than lebron
james to make another space jam movie if
they make a space jam 3
my credentials are more deserving than
whatever he's done
they're definitely up there i mean
that's a
to say that's an impressive list is is
an understatement not only that i i know
this might be where i saw it according
to according to the internet the highest
scoring regular season game by a denver
nugget was kiki vanderway he scored 51
points so
you've kicked the [__] out of you you
trout like the nuggets in the history of
their franchise have nobody that they
can put up against you eric
just said andrew's a hell of an athlete
you guys haven't even seen me do the
song machine yet that's really going to
blow some minds those guys drop some
heads i don't know if you're a hell of
an athlete but you're a hell of an eat
pleat i'm telling you
the sewing machine is a word i hope i
just made up eat fleet
athlete eat fleet
but i don't i feel like i'm a terrible
athlete
why why do you think you're a terrible
athlete because going against any of the
people that are athletes you know like a
joey chestnut a kobayashi whatever i got
no chance but i feel like going against
athletes and the athletic world my
numbers are pretty good
i feel like i have to stay in the
athlete territory the moment i go in the
athlete i'm at the bottom of the pile
dude devin booker to my knowledge devon
booker is the only player playing in the
nba right now who has outscored you
that's [__] how many did he get how
many did he he got 70 against the
celtics like three i can [__] i can
i'll [__] destroy devin booker i'll
take him out but can you though because
you stopped shy of that yeah but there's
a difference what mentally when you're
trying to eat 120 nuggets as opposed to
71 that's a big gap that's a big
difference i could definitely use 71.
i can make that work exactly and we're
not doing this for a while this is gonna
be months from now i need to get back
into nugget shape nugget form nugget
mentality i need to work my way back it
takes a lot to do these
and what what kind of things will you be
doing to prepare
absolutely nothing it's just more of a
time and forgetting how bad like a reset
yeah just like once enough time passes
where i fully forget everything and then
there will be an evening where i'm like
[__] devin booker's going down i'm
going to wake up at 4 00 a.m one day and
just say devon booker's time is over i
am dethroning david yeah you gotta you
gotta wait for the nugget confidence to
hit you i understand that yeah
now's the time
should i get up and do nuggets
oh man
nuggets all over myself do you know uh
uh eric's letting us given us the wrap
up sign and we got to because we got to
record another one i'll be honestly i
didn't know if i was going to make it to
the next one but i i the last like five
minutes i've started to feel a little
bit better uh so maybe i can uh i do
want to let you guys know on something
that we missed this week that i think
could have been spectacular uh okay but
uh eric shot it down tomorrow as we as
we know i'm getting my colonoscopy to
get my colonoscopy uh if you've never
gotten one it's not a fun process you
can't eat for a bunch of days you get on
a liquid diet you have to drink a bunch
of weird [__] that tastes gross that
makes you [__] and puke constantly i
have to drink like after we're done i
have to go drink 46 ounces of liquid
in like an hour
so they mean no resistance on the way up
well you have to rest your colon so you
can't have any food go through
uh that could agitate it or fill it up
in my in my case i you know i have
diverticulosis so i have those little
pockets all over so you gotta flush out
your system uh like kind of shock it out
and then uh and then you have to keep it
clean and clear because even like
colored food anything with a dye like
gate like red gatorade can look like
blood to a camera and so it's just it's
not a fun process and then they make you
take a bunch of special liquids that
extra clear you out right like like
you've never taken a laxative like
you've taken when you go for a
colonoscopy uh anyway
it's like nick says awful like he's i'm
assuming nick has had a colonoscopy
before i have as well this is my second
uh so it's not my first rodeo i kind of
know what to expect um but
i thought it would be great we need to
do a break [__] face break [__] i wanted
to do it tomorrow after the colonoscopy
i wanted to go
from the hospital to
the break [__] all looped up on the
because you know they put they knock me
out right like they give you drugs i'm
all loopy i'm all [__] dumb uh i'll
be it's like a truth serum i won't be
able to like i would have just been
wackadoo for hours and eric was like
absolutely not
i was ready to do it
he there is
no way that i'm going to put jeff
on camera
after
an outpatient surgery
they already did it
well 10 years ago i did it 10 years yeah
i
am not doing it
[Laughter]
i am not doing that that's no we're not
doing it tomorrow after he gets all the
stuff
inside of him and then it's no no
absolutely not no no jeff carries that
show and goes like here's interesting
facts about the cards i don't even know
what it would be what i don't either
that's all of me so much god pacquiao
dollop
what facts would i come up with [__]
blitzed out of my mind on uh on hospital
drugs i have no it would have been so
much fun but i respect that ultimately i
think eric's looking out for me i don't
think he's yeah maybe not he's going to
look out for the show because i think it
would be great for the show but i do
appreciate eric looking out for me but i
also would love to have done it uh
insane
that would have been great insane
well you know show must go on and all it
does should we talk about the jet ski
stuff you're the the big merch uh have
we talked about that i don't think we
have let's why don't you cover that and
then we'll wrap this up okay well i mean
i feel like it's really you're as the
big jet ski guy i was excited to share
with you did you see i'd be shocked if
you did this was a big week for jet ski
news it was a great jet ski week is it
it's a good story there's a big star
i'll drop in the chat there are some
farmers there's flooding in bc right now
farmers hopped on some jet skis save
some cows oh my god skiing around
wait how do you say how do you get a cow
in a jet ski they told me no they didn't
put the cow no they they were like
guiding them using the hood like they
were yeah they were hurting them they
were sheep
[Music]
yeah
we when we go jet skiing we should play
a game of chase where one of us is
dressed up as a sheep and the others
dressed as a cow
i mean jeff did something similar
instead of a cow though it was a dead
bloated deer
that was so gross
it was a great week for duskys and we
have jet ski merch coming out on
november 29th yeah i believe celebrate
the cows buy jet ski merchandise from
face
uh on uh where to [__] go on november
29th at 10 a.m central standard time
cyber monday
fill up your your cyber coffers with
jet ski related merchandise and and uh
and uh
pay homage to those brave farmers in
canada who saved those cows with the
power
yes
that is exactly why we're doing jet ski
merch it is to honor the canadian
farmers yes there's no history
or appreciation for jet skis on the show
i still haven't i still haven't been on
a jet ski
that is the moment i'm excited to
experience i'm ready for my life to
change do you think you'll go to 60
miles an hour i think i will probably
have an experience like you did where i
will be just like doing little little
speed little like just little crawling
almost across the water and then i'll
get into it and we'll we will be flying
in in other merch news scrumping is is
dead apparently according to the channel
it is
all the scrumping signs no scripture
signs are sold out yeah they were like
[__] gone see ya that's it they were
made out of plastic i was imagining a
nice solid metal sign was it a plastic
sign
apparently it's a plastic
plastic no scrubbing side
which originally greatly disappointed me
because i never actually touched one but
then i just thought well that's that's
definitely face well you know i see what
you're saying in my head it was like one
of those metal signs you would see like
posted next to a farm or whatever on the
side of the road but i i did go to
lowe's the other day and i did look at
some signs like no soliciting signs and
most of them were were the same material
as the as the scrumping sign so i think
it might be a situation where the
industry has moved on and are in our
heads that's very fair i cannot remember
the last time i went sign buying so i
can't say that um
i'm really regularly in the market and
know what the the typical experience is
the plastic sign is pretty pretty uh
pretty commonplace these days okay today
the the
that's never mind never mind that being
said i i hope you got one because i
don't think we're making any more i
think this was a special thing uh
so uh for all you that didn't get it i
just i pray for your apples well what if
we brought back all of our limited items
for rtx next time we do it like
unlimited rtx
yeah like if
wait what wait
well because they're unlimited for rtx
so we bring them all back like we're on
we're limiting it it'd be re-limited but
at rtx
so
are you are you asking should we just
make all of our collectible items no
longer collectible at rtx is that what
you're presenting yeah we're unlimiting
it i don't know i just i just worry
about our ability to let people know
that merch is coming out and by the time
we've mentioned it it's already out we
just did a great job we just we let
people know about the farmers
jet skills we're doing great let's just
beat that epic
before we mentioned it that is true but
we could have that we could have handled
the scrumping thing better we are
victims of our own recording schedule
more than anything and you're colon
and andrews and andrew's illness yeah i
mean we we we've all had to cancel how
big is a sack would you say how many
apples do you think should fit in a sack
if you're gonna what's the minimum four
forty okay
we're on the same sackers is is probably
the biggest
size that you can sling over your
shoulder and still carry around without
being weighed down i agree
but i think sac i think like santa claus
i think of a giant bag i have a bag with
swagger in on it i have in my head and
and i'll be honest with you because i
can't tell i got you know this is and
eric will end but i'm we'll wrap it up
with this
in the notes that i never got to of the
4 000 things to talk about uh
a lot of them are apple related if i'm
being honest with you oh and it's it's
given me pause and i want to ask before
we go down this road are we nearing the
end of our apple related content or do
we continue down this road because i was
going to build a prototype for an
unscrumpable
uh like lockable apple sack that you
could string over your shoulder that's
it that holds one apple with a strap and
then it's locked in some way so that you
so it's like an unscrupable apple you
bring on the go with you it's i and i
say apple sack just because apple sack
sounds good but it would only hold one
it doesn't hold for to be honest that's
incredible because my next prototype i
was gonna invent the apple pocket
what is
after the grief i got last week about no
one storing an apple in the pocket i'm
gonna make a dedicated pocket
i just i don't
this is i love it we're sticking with
apples baby i love it
i can't wait let's hit this podcast we
can talk more about apples oh i can't
wait i just like this is this is like
phase two of the fcu is the apple phase
we've already gone through
[Laughter]
we're done with baseball that was phase
one no
baseball will come back
you can't give up on zimmer
just in phase one but he will he's gonna
end it holy [__] we gotta stop no no one
more thing no more things we gotta stop
we gotta stop because i wanna talk to
you guys about zimmer all right okay uh
uh i love you guys uh but hey if you
ever if you ever find yourself just woke
up yeah if you ever fight yeah i feel a
little better than i said if you ever
find yourself thinking like oh i haven't
talked to jeff in a year i've ignored
him and i've never played video games
with him maybe give him a ring he's not
doing anything i promise thanks for
listening to face we've only played
twice goodbye
you